
# Agenda

1. Introduction.
2. Election of the chair.
3. Next meetings.
4. New version. The dev branch is ready for a new version; is it 2.2.1 or 2.3?
5. Pace of new versions.
6. Official announcement.
7. Guiding values for design.
8. Motivation & vision.
9. Open discussion.

# Present

* Martin.Meermeyer@l....com
* andrew@a....com
* gstakhov@g....com
* peter.flook@d....catering
* bart@r....io
* atanas.iliev.ai@g....com
* simon.harrer@i....com
* andy.petrella@k....io
* jochen.christ@i....com
* todd.nemanich@g....com
* tom@s....io
* jgp@a....org
* mdsoftengr@g....com
* dirk.vandepoel@k....com
* sandro@....org

# Minutes

1. N/A
2. Jean-Georges Perrin has been elected chair of the TSC for 12 months.
3. Meetings will be held on the third Tuesday of the month at 7 am EST.
4. Discussion will take place in Slack.
5. Nothing formal, but aiming at two updates of ODCS per year. Have alpha & beta versions to make sure vendors can integrate more easily and securely.
6. Will take place on 11/30/2023. The project is already [online](https://lfaidata.foundation/projects/bitol/).
7. See action items.
8. Merged with guiding values.
9. Have discussions with OpenAPI (@jgperrin & @simonharrer) 

# Action items

1. Two new slack channels have been created,
   * [#odcs-data-contract-guiding-values](https://aidaug.slack.com/archives/C067E0YPZFY) and
   * [#odcs-data-contract-commns](https://aidaug.slack.com/archives/C06764P4ZE3)
2. @simonharer will lead the guiding values working group.
3. @jgperrin will lead the comms working group.  
